The Roman numeral system is an extremely complex (and irrational) system of numbers. The system does not make sense, because ”zero” does not exist, which makes all higher level mathematics impossible.
Beyond that Roman numerals follow an additive system. When certain values are reached they are added to a new symbol.
There is also a subtractive element that makes the numbers easier to write, but adds complexity to equations.
As you see, simple math can become complex when using Roman numerals. Because of the additive and subtractive properties of Roman numerals an extra step is required along the way.
Imagine trying to do algebra, yet alone calculus with Roman numerals. Two millennia ago the Romans thought they had the ideal numbering system, Today the concept is laughable.
A complex numbering system prevented an entire civilization from advancing in mathematics, science, banking and astronomy.
The Romans carried a great deal of Greek culture with them. For centuries they were the dominant empire on earth. However, there is one missing element in the Romans contribution to humanity.
They had no notable contributions to mathematics, or mathematicians for that matter.
The Romans built roads, invented the water wheel, and constructed vast aqueducts that we marvel at today.

Waste management (or waste disposal) are the activities and actions required to manage waste from its inception to its final disposal.[1] This includes the collection, transport, treatment and disposal of waste, together with monitoring and regulation of the waste management process.Waste can be solid, liquid, or gaseous and each type has different methods of disposal and management. Waste management deals with all types of waste, including industrial, biological and household. In some cases, waste can pose a threat to human health.[2] Waste is produced by human activity, for example, the extraction and processing of raw materials.[3] Waste management is intended to reduce adverse effects of waste on human health, the environment or aesthetics.
Waste management practices are not uniform among countries (developed and developing nations); regions (urban and rural areas), and residential and industrial sectors can all take different approaches.[4]
A large portion of waste management practices deal with municipal solid waste (MSW) which is the bulk of the waste that is created by household, industrial, and commercial activity